# IT207
A collection of Labs, Exercises, and Practicums from my IT 207 (Applied IT Programming) class.

Assignment 1: A gpa calculator in which a user inputs both their grades for class Participation, Quizzes, Labs, and Practica. In addition to the earned and maximum points for each category, the user will specify the weight of each field. A POST form then takes all inputted data and calculates the resulting final grade, checking and returning an error for mathematical impossibilities (grades lower than 0% or higher than 100%).

Assignment 2: A calendar which updates accurately for every month (including leap years), where in a user selects dates and times to schedule an appointment. From the index page, a POST form allows users to select the times for each day of the week that are open for appointments. <div> boxes are generated to simulate visual calendar "boxes", with the specified times listed as radio buttons. At the bottom of the calendar, is a submit button to allow users to finalize their chosen times.

Assignment 3: A contacts list wherein a user saves contacts to an external .txt file, and can then iterate and either return or delete said contact. In the index page, users are able to input a first and last name, returning all the relevant information about a contact, as well as text boxes to allow edits to be made. If a user is not found, an error is returned. Additionally, a link is provided at the bottom of the index page to allow users to add a user to and external txt list file. An error is returned if for any reason, there are problems with writing the information to the txt file. All errors, including errors for empty fields are server-sided ("required" attribute not used in forms). There is no catching for duplicate-entries used.

Assignment 4: A pseudo-social network design in which users are able to upload comments to a page, along with their name and email (hyperlinked to the poster's name). Divided into two parts: using local txt to store comments and using a mySQL database to store comments. With the local version, information is stored using multiple POST forms to a single txt, similar to Assignment 3. With the mySQL version, the user connects to a verified George Mason University Volgenau School of Engineering mySQL account. From there, assuming there already exists a suitable database and table, the user connects to said table, inserting the values for a new entry through a POST form. For the mySQL version, primary keys are auto-incremented, and for both versions, all comments are listed by default by order of upload. In addition, users are able to change the order of comments in alphabetical or zetabetical order. In addition, users are able to delete comments based on the present order of the comments.
