# Assignments
Our substitutes for a traditional Midterm and Final exam.

Practicum 1: Split into two parts - A Metabolic Calculator and a Coupon Redemption Calculator. For the first part, a user inputs their weight (lb), along with their estimated time running (minutes), playing basketball (minutes), and sleeping (hours). A POST form then carries the inputted values to a new page which calculates and returns the total calories burned. In the second part, a user inputs the number of tickets they own, and a POST form takes the input and calculates the number of candy bars, gum, and remaining tickets they will receive. A candy bar is always worth 12 coupons, and a gum is worth 3. The calculation determines the maximum number of candy bars redeemed, calculating the maximum gun redeemed after candy bars are subtracted, and then finally the remainder after all transactions are made. The result is shown visually with the letter "O" used to represent a tally, instead of a number.

Practicum 2: A login screen in which a user is prompted to enter an email and password or register a new account. At the top of the login screen, an if statement checks for values in the session array. If in the session array "status" is set to 0, it will display the text "Logged Out Successfully". If it is set to 401, it will display "Error: Invalid email address or password". If a user tries to click the submit button without filling out both text boxes, a client-sided error will highlight the unfilled box. If a user tries to login with an invalid account email or password, the session status variable will be set to 401 and they will be returned to the login screen. In the registration page, users will input a first name, last name, email, and password into a POST form. This information is then sent to a page, which will append all information into a single string, and append it into a new line of a local txt file. Upon successfully registering or logging in, a list of registered users is created with their first name, last name, and email. By default, the list is ordered in the order of creation. At the bottom of the page is a logout button, and if pressed, the session status is set to 0 and the user is returned to the login page.
